Update dns-providers.md (#273)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBaseDNS: docs/general/dns-providers.md

| DNS-over-TLS | Provider: `Surfnet` Hostname: `tls://dnsovertls.sinodun.com` IP: `145.100.185.15` and IPv6: `2001:610:1:40ba:145:100:185:15`  | [Add to AdGuard](adguard:add_dns_server?address=tls://dnsovertls.sinodun.com&name=dnsovertls.sinodun.com), [Add to AdGuard VPN](adguardvpn:add_dns_server?address=tls://dnsovertls.sinodun.com&name=dnsovertls.sinodun.com) |
| DNS-over-TLS | Provider: `Surfnet` Hostname: `tls://dnsovertls1.sinodun.com` IP: `145.100.185.16` and IPv6: `2001:610:1:40ba:145:100:185:16`  | [Add to AdGuard](adguard:add_dns_server?address=tls://dnsovertls1.sinodun.com&name=dnsovertls1.sinodun.com), [Add to AdGuard VPN](adguardvpn:add_dns_server?address=tls://dnsovertls1.sinodun.com&name=dnsovertls1.sinodun.com) |

### FutureDNS

> [FutureDNS](https://futuredns.eu.org) is a privacy-focused DNS service that prioritizes user security and anonymity. We support both standard DNS and encrypted protocols while maintaining a strict no-logging policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[FutureDNS](https://futuredns.eu.org) is a privacy-focused DNS service that prioritizes user security and anonymity. It supports both standard DNS and encrypted protocols while maintaining a strict no-logging policy.
```

| DNS-over-HTTPS, IPv4    | `https://dns.de.futuredns.eu.org/dns-query/`     | [Add to AdGuard](adguard:add_dns_server?address=https://dns.de.futuredns.eu.org/dns-query/&name=futuredns), [Add to AdGuard VPN](adguardvpn:add_dns_server?address=https://dns.de.futuredns.eu.org/dns-query/&name=futuredns) |
| DNS-over-HTTPS, IPv6    | `https://dns.de.futuredns.eu.org/dns-query/`     | [Add to AdGuard](adguard:add_dns_server?address=https://dns.de.futuredns.eu.org/dns-query/&name=futuredns), [Add to AdGuard VPN](adguardvpn:add_dns_server?address=https://dns.de.futuredns.eu.org/dns-query/&name=futuredns) |
| DNS-over-TLS            | `tls://dns.de.futuredns.eu.org`                  | [Add to AdGuard](adguard:add_dns_server?address=tls://dns.de.futuredns.eu.org&name=FutureDNSDoT), [Add to AdGuard VPN](adguardvpn:add_dns_server?address=tls://dns.de.futuredns.eu.org&name=FutureDNSDoT) |
| DNS-over-QUIC           | `quic://dns.de.futuredns.eu.org`                 | [Add to AdGuard](adguard:add_dns_server?address=quic://dns.de.futuredns.eu.org&name=FutureDNSDoQ), [Add to AdGuard VPN](adguardvpn:add_dns_server?address=quic://dns.de.futuredns.eu.org&name=FutureDNSDoQ) |

> 

Reviewer: please leave only one blank line
